# e-MalToken
e-Mal aims to create a Global Financial Hub creating a Financial Eco-System which improves and enhances the way we as a society transact, based on the Blockchain. e-Mal created and leads digital and token economy of the UAE to the global digital plaform complementing new fint-tech era. The technological business cycle and it's shifts has now created the next generation of AIs, VRs and much more - our aim and mission is to bring traders, miners and various enthsiasts together in one eco-friendy, financial system creating synergies. 

e-Mal is an end to end infrastructure which  transforms and revolutionises the way exchanges are run and bring together an eco-friendly financial hub, provisioning both national and international, digital and fiat currency exchanges to work together seamlessly. e-Mal is not just another Digital Coin or a Digital Wallet or a Mobile Application. e-Mal is a platform, introducing the ultimate Smart Economy to the government, employers, consumers, migrants, traders, and individuals from various walks of life. We promote sustainability - and this word is not just applicable to the environment , but to the life-cycle of every single individual. Along with creating an environment which is greener and cleaner for our next generations, our focus is also building bridges and creating inclusion within the global financial systems e-Mal is a Smart Financial Solution and a full Platform enabling migrants and the un-banked to transact and be part of the globalisation. At e-Mal, we connect societies who are excluded from even minimum levels of financial "freedom". 
